mus
[Music]
[Applause]
Push Me And then Just Touch me till I
can get my Satisfaction Satisfaction Satisfaction Satisfaction
saf Push Me And then Just me till can
get my satisf satisf satisf satisf
saf Push Push Push Push Push Push Push Push Push Push Push
[Music]
[Applause]
Satisfaction
[Music]
ST
get
[Music]
H we were good we
were of Dream that can't be
so we were right buil The
Home and watch it Leave I
remember I
can some
flowers my name INS to Hour
see you don't I
can Take
And I I
can me better
than
[Music]
he [Music
]
Cher
r no no
reg you
say I
remember I I
can
Myself
my
name to
Myself say things you don't understand I
can Take I
can Hold My I
can Love Me better than
you love love love
[Music]
d
Never been  Afraid of the High height or
afing Now Never been AF of Wild not
of but now I this scar me And I don't like
Where I need a sc
me I don't
Where Now G Miss
me I know G Miss Miss
[Music]
Miss
[Music] me
Back feels wrong Hi the cs i guarantee
you Miss
me you ch the way Kiss
[Music]
Me
me
[Music]
ah [
Music]
what
[Music] [
Music]
you
[Music]
I'm fed up man I'm fed up with you guys and
I'm fed up with the copyright-free playlists
on YouTube because they're always
copyrighted and then I have to be
cutting out 3 billion to watch the
live okay or whatever I'm fed up how are you How have you
been How has your
day been today I think I'll be here for a short time
eh I think I think there's
still a little bit lare hasn't sent it to me I'm
going to check something out but I
think today to be quiet I
still have the quarterly
man I still have the quarterly
man it's going to kill me  gor who keeps telling me to send it to him
send it to him send it to him
Today is my good Javi how is your night going
Well I have to get going make those
invoices
Oh Sonia You really are
pretty
You really are pretty Sonia
eh Let's
see it's that I'm looking for something sweet
a
kiss it's that I could swear it's that I could
swear
that Franco was doing a
live today in fact I was talking to him
afterwards but he deleted it I wanted to
put it you should know you should
know that I wanted to see something I
wanted to see something from Fran's live
to see it here with
you but well no I don't know he removed
the
live it's not even available for members
because I'm a
member you can't use it anymore I speak on
YouTube I said it today on
today's news It's specifically for members Jai
But if I'm a member
Jen I'm a member How could I not be a
member of Fran can you imagine it's not available for members it's not available for
members killo Have they ever made you a
mortadelo no I don't know if I want to ask you
Raúl What is a mortadelo What is a
mortadelo What is it  a
mortadelo I don't know if I want to ask you let's
see Surprise me
tur tur Well nothing I talk about some
gossip in the live But well eh they
must have removed it for whatever reason I don't know
why the truth is the ablo has
been removing it for a while now what
happens is that now they put it up today
as of today they made it more
strict okay I am very
against the ablo
Eh I remember once I made a video
against the I talk about back in
[Music] back in the [ __ ] it
was a long time ago Maybe in
2018 around there eh I made a video against
the asbl that had well it had a lot of
impact the video had like 200,000
views people turned on me But
how are you going to be against the asbl you
hypocritical son of a [ __ ] Well they
gave me one that I didn't see I'm sure there's a
video somewhere let's see let's watch the video
Wait a day I have to dedicate myself to
watching old
school gossip old school gossip Look I'm sure there is
I put I have a little video here that
we could watch in case there isn't much today
Okay Hey I have to do the invoices man,
the quarterly [ __ ] let's see I'm sure if
I put Javi Oliveira ad
block I'm sure we'll find something
man man can you believe I'm still not
100% recovered from the covid issue Javi Oliveira
block
How has your day been well
eh today we're back well we got back yesterday
actually to give it a go
nothing's coming out
man we got back yesterday to start with the
training we've been these days
Yesterday and today more than anything the coach has been
taking my measurements doing
the study of my capacities and my
physical form I'm in the worst
physical shape I've ever been in my life I
'm in the worst physical shape I've
ever been in my life seriously I mean I've
never been in worse shape
than now Okay and
basically well we have work Well
we have work to be honest But well we'll
give it a go
honestly without rushing because I'm not going to
put it the next time well I had like a
goal of 21 days or and in the end it was
double the number of days it was not like almost
two  months not this time This time it's going to be
a more normal diet
eating everything training a lot we'll
increase the capacity also my
lung capacity right now is
very affected right now
lung capacity is affected right now with
covid But oh well we'll give it a go What a
shame because I was very well
I was quite good eh about
micke crack I mentioned it on the
Rey news for whoever is
asking me I can't find anything about Javi
oliveira and the ablo
dude Why How strange
dude that was
a look look Of course And why doesn't it
come out I'm
two today we are going to analyze a video
of our patient Mr. Javier oliveira
welcome he has made a very
interesting video called This is what
is really killing off
youtubers And unfortunately it is full of
[ __ ] it is so big that I don't know
how they fit in the video before I
start I have to say that I
agree with certain points that have been
mentioned in this video I have no
problem with youtubers getting paid to
put ads that have
affiliate links in the descriptions and all
this But as he himself says  Javier
oliveira no matter how famous someone is
and how many subscribers they have if they make a
mistake then they deserve a slap
So let's apply that same logic
to
our dear patient I'm going to
save myself the typical sigh
that all youtubers make when starting
a video Yes that sigh they make when they
hit me they hit me but come on they hit me
everyone come on it seemed like I had
committed a crime because I complained
about because I complained about the block I mean let's
see the logic is the following
eh we charge for the
ads if out of 100,000 visits if out of
100,000 visits it has
00,000 40,000 30,000 are with it then it's
money that we are
losing I mean imagine Maybe a
person who can earn 5000 how are
the machines Ale Maybe a person who
can earn
5000 suddenly is earning instead
of 5000
3000 and Ah but it's that you earn 3000 you earn a
lot of money you make videos now but if it's
that I could win 5000
damn they have to
present a
serious topic but there are two points in this video
that I think are huge nonsense oa
but they took a video of me a lot of people
taking videos and videos and videos I don't
remember what I said in the video let's see if they
put a clip of mine to see what I was saying
cousin It's comparing the issue of
digital content with something like a simpa
or not paying a bricklayer in one case there
's the whole issue of expenses and
raw materials Like for example
food or wood while in the
other there's nothing It's something ethereal it's
something that is on the internet something that is
intangible this topic is very well
explained in the book copy this book
by David Bravo very good recommendation
from Pablo in the description
the truth is that it is a reading he
recommends a video he recommends a
book by David Bravo in here in that one in that one I would
n't know who David Bravo was
surely of course no no no way I
didn't know who David Bravo was and I didn't
have this it's that of course it would be good if he
put my clin he says that I have
Compared it with a simpa let's see of course  a
simpa Of
course everyone should do it
especially sir I would love to see that
video of mine man I would love to see that
video of
mine let's see % and we take the statistics
that you got in your tweet 2% Oh [ __ ] it
is super poorly prepared let's suppose that
1000 people watch your video according to this
infographic and the anals that I have on my
channel 30% of people watch it from a
pc we are not going to put here a 30% very
nice and this is a pc okay this
means that 300 people a computer
approximately 2% use YouTube
Premium which takes us to 28 in case
we take the statistics that you got on
your Twitter of every 1000 people 150
watch YouTube Premium which takes us to
28 in case we take the statistics that
you got on your Twitter who of you
uses I speak and why retweet after
voting please 4500
votes And why does it say here 54 out of 280
people
if they are 4500
votes 1000 people 150 use it and Oh it is
that 150 is a lot of people But you're
forgetting one thing they're potential, that is to
say if these 150 deactivate the
extension, I'm going to look to see if there's
someone who clicks on
my
video to
see, to see what Javi oliveira Dallas Dallas oh my
god the videos eh oh my god
the videos eh to tell you that this
thumbnail was made for me Turbo plan look at
the level now oh
my god
many of those videos will be
deleted oh
my god the flock says well that's what you
have a flock of little children who
lack attention from
their parents and who swallow everything
you tell them okay children of 12 and 13 who
don't watch the [ __ ] news and who
are not aware of anything and they just
want to grab onto a burning nail
so as not to assimilate that their
favorite youtuber does the things of which he is
accused
oh mother of
God mother of God but this is not what I
want to see I want to see the
ablo Let's
see Look what they got me into back in the day
because I was against
blockers no no no no [ __ ] I can't
find  that video dude there would be no
way to find that video
dude
I don't have the
video it's that I don't have the
video because I myself don't have the
video sweet Thank you very much for those
members
[Music]
heart many many many but
many
Thank you very much I don't have the video I don't know
why I would delete it
[Music] I would
delete it at some
point I would delete it at some
point [ __ ] Well now I really wanted to
see it
This is the video that we're going to comment on
okay it's a pretty good video look look
here look it says live from the 16th of August
2018 more than 5 years ago okay look at
Jai Oliveira's response on the subject at
blog come on I'm going to look for that video in
response to
Javi Oliveira
on the subject but they took out 8500
videos eh everyone taking a video of me
what did I say my God
the video no longer exists
dude the [ __ ] video no longer exists
dude and in
[Music]
some on some we Machine or something like that
dude
on some weave Machine or something
like that well it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter It's strange that it can't be found
none of that dude let's see if it's true it
's really old really
old dude I remember the thing
you had with a believer who got
mad and made a video of you holy [ __ ] yeah
what was that one called the Cristian no the
Christians holy [ __ ] do you remember the
Christians tell me that video is on
YouTube the Cristian
like this tell me that video is on
YouTube the Christians boom take boom the
Christians look at it it
's on YouTube This video the
Cristian like this scares me when I see it
Eh I'm scared when I see it
eh What's up my kids Okay before I
start with today's video I want to
thank you for the support in the
previous video but it really pisses me off
that every time I come out here [ __ ] dude I
'm always mentioning my balls eh
yeah I had the balls it's that two videos
that I put up like that at random two videos that
I put up at random p two videos that I
show my balls I have the most
manhandled balls on the entire internet let's see Vera
on the channel get more prominence and
more  gratitude that I or rather is that I'm going to
make the decision that it won't be
on this
[Music]
channel anymore well Well it turns out that
this afternoon I was getting ready to record the second part of
reacting to my pathetic haters my
pathetic hater is that he has balls
because the jav macarra is the best
no no no let's see a cli like that I mean let's see a
cli Like that skipped it might make you laugh
but I'm telling you that no no no no no I can't do it Not a
normal one
all my enemies are [ __ ] I
want a normal hater who
throws [ __ ] at me who leaves me like a rag
who calls me [ __ ] Wash your hair you
suck his dick Dallas you copy auron
Play whatever but normal things It
's not that they're all characters What
year is
this September 14, 2018
man my goodness eh characters of balls I
mean very very peculiar 2018 man I mean it's that I've been
here for a long time
eh I've been here for a long time Really eh
And here I had good visits eh I had
good  visit now eh I mean we're
talking about a video with 5000 likes 80,000
views
eh
here I didn't do
live shows Here no here I didn't do live shows
then I was preparing the script for
this new episode when I came
across this
particular character to whom we're going to dedicate
today's video and I thought that this
kid didn't deserve to be put in with
the others but that he deserved a
separate video it turns out that this one had
good quality this camera eh this camera I do
n't know if it was the same one I have installed
now
eh I think it's the same camera that I have
installed right now and I had it
configured correctly in 4k and look the quality is
very very very Christian Okay he believes
a lot in God and he's very very
angry with me because I have offended Jesus
Christ Javi you can see that there's no salsa
gu kiss my ratings well there's something now
we comment wait I mean he's pissed off with me
a Christian a person who was very very
Christian I mean let's start from the
base in case someone still hasn't
realized that I am very atheist okay I am
very atheist I don't believe in anything about God or
anything  what does the Bible say, okay, for
me the Bible is a really big book
written by human beings that
tells you a ton of stories
like Cinderella Pinocchio and things like that,
not only that most of the
characters are different they're not Moses
Jesus Christ damn man but I'm too
sincere here eh
but listen to me it's that you have to have a
little more tact the Three Wise Men for
me the Bible is that and apart from the
Bible being that and not believing in God I'm
very against the church okay I'm
totally against the church it
seems to me like a shitty sect and it seems to me that it's
full of pedophiles and
scoundrels okay this already man but man
but it's not that he didn't have a [ __ ]
filter it's that he didn't have any filter at all
eh I've said it several times but
recently I dedicated a video to the Pope Pope
Francis who turns out to be that in some
statements at a press conference
he said that From his point of view when
parents realize that their
children are
homosexual if they catch them early okay
if they catch them young enough they can
take them to a psychiatrist and they can be cured  no
something like that so I made a little
video cursing the pope cursing the
pope completely but anyway Ela
today The thing is that after that
video in the comments appeared this
hater this hater who was very very
very offended with the subject so much so that he
spent the whole afternoon but all all
afternoon in the comments of the video let's say I
'm not fooling you that I have
some screenshots here I respect
Javi a lot damn the Cristian as he got
really offended dude I mean he appeared in the
comments of the video eh but if he
himself says he doesn't know [ __ ] about
religion why does he have an opinion on that? God
repudiates homosexuality and that's it stop
fooling yourselves
son Corinthians 6
29-10 the Bible of the Americas lbl L A I
have no [ __ ] idea what
all this numbering means and everything I
imagine it will be some chapter of
some season of The Bible No I don't
know Netflix or you can't
watch some
season
oh oh my God I can't laugh
too much my lungs are really damaged
you that  unjust will not inherit the
kingdom of God do not stop deceiving yourselves neither
the immoral nor the idolaters nor the
adulterers I bet you believe that the
earth is round that man reached
the moon and in aliens
hypocrite here you are calling me a
hypocrite because I do not believe in God okay I do not
believe in life after death I do not
believe that a dove impregnated the Virgin
Mary I do not believe that Jesus Christ
turned water into wine or that
Moses or the other one that I do not know his name
Not that he turned the water without with his hands
with his
powers I am sorry eh I am truly sorry I am
very sorry for the people who
believe eh I respect people a lot I
respect everyone a lot and whoever
believes well Hey I respect eh
whoever believes I respect what
happens is that I do not believe it much that's it It's nothing happens let's
see life no let's
see but it's that I was too
sincere eh I do not believe in that but
nevertheless I believe that man has reached the
moon therefore I am a hypocrite a
kiss mafer well  Mr. Javi if he only believes
in what he sees you should take a
blood test to see if your mom is
actually
her my mother what could it have been the
Christians Okay since you are
so interested in the subject I ask you but all
this is him talking to himself eh in the comments box
eh all this is him talking to himself in the
comments box eh are you born gay or do you become gay
if you believe in the Bible I can
answer you if you don't believe in it in vain
we are arguing okay it's like I'm
talking to a series of crazy people and it's not
worth wasting my time here
okay I've been all afternoon I've been all
afternoon the comments that if you see the
minutes to the hour that he commented it says
13 minutes ago 40 minutes ago 3
hours ago I've been telling you all afternoon
in the comments he recommends treating
homosexuality in children with a psychiatrist there
are many things that is a
lie that is a
lie but let's see but let's
see but I'm doing a sk here of the
Christians you homosexuality in children
with a psychiatrist there are many things Javi
But and this
content I love you dad  see this is
Javi Oliveira real that's a lie the
journalists that's a
lie well he has the same credibility
as Goku or Dorao or the story of
the cicia doesn't stop son of a
[ __ ] he wouldn't support the church he wouldn't support the
church he's going to punish you
sir
[Laughter]
literally
[Music] literally
literally I imagine the Christian like that
literal it's like that for sure Look at the camera
eh it's the same camera that now
Look you see the camera it's the same camera
that I have
now here I know with me and
Put green Oh I have to do
some criticism again from time to time I have to do
a criticism again from time to time
really feel grave like Keep
making fun of others God does not forgive
those things and that carrot body makes me laugh that
carrot body
the bastard tells me
eh How could you put the same phrase
that I have one foot in the grave for
making fun of others and that
my carrot body makes him laugh besides This he
does something else that really pisses me off that they
do on my channel And it
turns out that El Chaval already with his madness And
with his anger has dedicated himself to
make me videos okay he's made a
few videos on his channel all
crazy about the subject calling me a hypocrite
calling me everything and it seems to me Okay
okay my channel is about criticism
criticize me I'm a public figure
but what really pisses me off is you
coming to my channel to post the link but
not just post the link but you also go I
was a spammer too dude This
is pathetic and it's even embarrassing and it's
shameful and nobody is going to enter your
video Because you do this you disgust it goes through
all the comments on my videos
putting the [ __ ] link like I was saying
if you want to criticize me Okay
perfect re but you upload it to your channel you
put my name in the title and Holy
crap whoever wants to enter will enter
but you coming to stain my
comments box with your shitty link with your
shitty link that doesn't interest us at
all inflates my balls dude it inflates my
balls a lot today every day
I'm talking about my balls eh Anyway anyway
let's see the criticism that
this man made of me  and we're going to
int you have to give us a live show with
Javi macarra No no no no t talk to
him like Hey let's try to
reason maybe I'm
wrong This is the specific user
okay he'll be too Christian who
wants to but come on he looks like he has
six or seven corpses in the freezer
your grandmother your cousin your
sister but how are you going to say that to
a person man this these are
unthinkable things today eh I mean These
are unthinkable things today you're
like the badulake from The Simpsons but
after the trap for this reaction
I need you
like the
badul like the badula after the
trap man wow but my god But if I
say that today it's if I say that today
Oh if I say that today he'll close my
Twitter account eh literally
eh Very attentive And sorry for the audio
but this kid apart from recording
with a fork he does it inside a
garbage container So it sounds
really bad you have to be with all your
senses Well this unfortunately for
you The Bible practically you don't believe and
all those things  but I think I think you
should take this into account because I
consider that it could be one of the
roots of the health problems that you
have, not only was I warning you to
be attentive to everything
this boy said because it sounded bad
but because even if you heard it well you were not
going to believe what this
man says he just related my
CR disease with not believing in the Bible, that is,
my fault for not believing in the Bible,
for not taking the Bible seriously and that is why
God has punished me with an
illness, in other words, what this man
recommends instead of a treatment of
antibiotics
corticosteroids that I read the Bible that I read the
Bible and pray good morning no, I'm going
to the pharmacy instead of asking him for a
pirina Hey eh Give me a p our friend I
think that you are going overboard with the
holy water I think it has gotten a
little out of hand but I consider
that this person has spent so much time
dedicating the video to you, well,
practically the same thing has happened to him that
happened to the disciples of Jesus Okay
now what you are telling us is that it has
taken me so much time  criticizing
Dallas that the same thing happened to me happened
to Jesus' disciples many You're not going
to understand what he means but what he
means with this second video is
that I've become a Dallas that I
look like Dallas that I am exactly like
Dallas And you will say how are you
like Dallas Jai tien you have three
complaints of gender violence
my goodness you don't wash your hair you hit your
dog my goodness my goodness uncle he was a
total camicas I mean he was eh he was a
collector of complaints eh I mean but
every video he uploaded was completely reportable do
n't pay attention in what sense because
lately in his live shows he has
practically started blocking everyone
left and right I mean
a negative comment is something he doesn't
like and lately he has also started saying
that he is also going to block
all the people who dedicate themselves to
making comments even on his
YouTube channel which is supposed to be the
platform that is generating
income for him okay I am the same as Dallas
because I have announced that I am going to block
both on Twitter and in the comments
of  YouTube to all the people who
throw [ __ ] at me and who get on my nerves
and who insult me ​​no Hey kid you
say you're a pathetic channel Javi Yeah man,
those channels would like to be like
me here Well still even though I say
stupid things and nonsense, I mean it really
breaks your
ass, I mean Although I am although although I have
that thought no and I was [ __ ]
camicas no but you can't compare me with
those channels not even here in this day and age it's the
same as Dallas me Why
Because you have a Twitter account okay
This is because lately I've
announced both live and in
videos the fact that before I didn't
block anyone I put up with the
comments and that's it but now I've made
the decision that every time
someone [ __ ] no that is against me
no that you're going to relive it by posting
these clips face crying with laughter
will continue to be there on YouTube another
thought different from mine with respect
in the comments don't throw [ __ ] at me
insult me ​​insult my family
of course I'm going to block it it's going to be
funny they're going to throw [ __ ] at me nobody is
going to read it and they won't be able to anymore  comment
more on my channel and on Twitter the same if
someone comes to spam me eh As to
insult me ​​then I'm going to block him I
have no reason to put up with it I'm going to give you a
spoiler Jesus Christ del Chino
everyone has a block button on their Twitter account
not just Dallas And there are
no more they are my
personal accounts I can do whatever the [ __ ] I want
This is not the street This is
not Spanish television This is not a
public place these are my
social networks my YouTube account my
Twitter account to whoever I want if
it were the other way around they would have already reported you
for abuse my god it's normal that
you defend Jord you're just as much of an [ __ ]
clown you'll be who's been on for like three
[ __ ] years and doesn't even reach a [ __ ]
million How can you get it out if you want to
see it okay my god what a [ __ ]
camicas what a [ __ ] beast he was
eh be it was what a beast what an animal what an animal he
was
eh what an animal eh I mean it was every video
every video for a complaint but criminal
eh How you've evolved Javi but
maybe Quasar had his
point I mean  had his had had his
thing Tena had a lot of visits had
80,000 visits or rather he says for the
pathetic channels I would like the
pathetic channels but he had charisma he had
his his thing that er I mean he was an animal
that we
still go still to this day
eh still to this day Well those of you who
have been here a while know it still to
this day
[Music]
e There is some trial pending for things
from that time for atrocities that he
said my goodness eh but it was was He was
very beastly he was very stupid man he was very
very stupid
And now you are too old for that job Well it
is also another time eh I mean At that
time you said that and people
applauded you I mean it was it was it was another time it
was another context You said that at
that time and people applauded you I
mean look at you with all the calmness
in the world I told the turkey that he is
like the one from the badulaque of The Simpsons that he
is like the one from the badulake but after the
trap I mean as if he were blown out
by drugs I
don't give it to me  I
peeled everything
eh They are stages they are times and that's it they are
each each each person each character
has their
season well look at you
[Music]
and look at the videos that I have
deleted the videos that I will have deleted
because of course for example right now there are
videos that we were looking for the
asbl one and it's deleted V tod you know what it is what I
say is what the one who
puts it has I met you in that period says JJ
and I got pissed off with the well imagine
This is good life Hey let's see
things let's see what
Luisito said communicates that he was in the
resistance yesterday by the way the
resistance yesterday he didn't give me time to
capture it and I haven't been able to recover it
but you had a lot of
character development Abi totally comparing
me with any of those channels
Well my goodness I don't know if those
channels still exist but in nothing
at all not in trajectory or
in repercussion or in relevance or in
character development or in
prominence or in anything okay But anyway
let's get to the gossip okay let's comment on
some things that [ __ ] I was
saying that no  I was going to leave late and I've
been here for almost an hour messing around
doing nothing okay I've been here for almost an hour
messing around doing nothing eh Luisito
communicates was at the resistance
yesterday forgive me forgive me that I almost
die every time I talk but it's because it's
true I mean my lungs have been
left I'm touched by the
covid this time eh I'm
touched by the covid this time
yesterday at the resistance they precisely
deleted a tweet that they put up
making a rather
unfortunate joke about the Álvaro Prieto issue
eh I haven't had time to recover it I have
emails from people sending me Elo but of course you can
see you can't see anything you can
just see a screenshot so Well apparently they
went too far They
went too far let's not say no They
went too far apparently and yesterday
Luisito communicates was there at the
resistance let's see what he
was commenting on I come from a country that
kidnaps a lot the brutal
revelations I come from a country that
kidnaps a lot Well I imagine that if he will
say it with all the calmness in the
world there  sitting on Jorge's couch, from
Jorge, not from Broncano.
Hey Javier, your chat is mythic, why
Rubén, from Luisito, communicate, Luisito, couples come out,
no, from there, from the chat, no, and then
you meet in person or whatever. No, Javi, it
's positive to see the past to check
your evolution, yes. Well, but let's see, let's
see. Of course, obviously if I went
back in time, Well, maybe I wouldn't do some things,
obviously, but no, it's not about
if I went back in time, I wouldn't
do something JJ,
eh, it's about the things I did
at that time, as of today, I don't do them, I wouldn't do them,
okay, I wouldn't say them, the
atrocities that I said, damn, I said
with all the calmness in the world
to Dallas, in a moment in 5 minutes he
mentioned it and and and in 30 seconds I
told him that I abuse the dog, that I have
messed with his personal hygiene, I have
messed with, like, 1000 things in 30
seconds I have said 1000 insults, 1
slander, a thousand things, do you understand me?
and it's not about you. Oh, as of
now, I wouldn't do it.  let's see what I've
done throughout my career is what
has taken me to where I
am today okay The important thing is what we are
Now obviously there are people for
example who are taking clips from
2018 and 2017 there are people today
who are using clips of mine to
attack me from 2017 that are worse than
Javi Olber from 2017 now in 2023 and it's
like dude I'm going to answer you one day I'm
going to give you a gameover what the
[ __ ] are you doing taking clips of things that
you do today you understand But
well let time pass you guys
let me let time pass your
communication has generated a great impact
because of what it just revealed Yes the
most important youtuber in Mexico and one of the
most important in the world and it is that
Luisito visited Spain and was interviewed
by he visited Spain no almost he has been
in Spain for a long time eh things of the past were
done for a reason at that time
well we were in the context that it is
another time but let's see let's
see Ruben welcome
Thank you very much let's see at that time those
things didn't look so bad at that time
but if the video is there if the
video is there with 5 or 6000 likes
with 800
Javi the FAO was not going to see Game Over that one
surely has a Game Over that one has
a really good Game Over eh also I'm
compiling I'm compiling I'm
compiling but that calm down it's that it
's not a character that is ever in a
moment that you say now bread you know it
has to be in a moment of
repercussion but but that's what I'm telling you, I
mean those clips that let's see this video didn't
seem so terrible to me within those of
my serious ones eh I mean this
video was even that we have
laughed our heads off with the skis and everything else that was there, I mean that's why I
told you not to
compare me with any of those who
were comparing me, I was very beastly, I was
very wild, I had no filter, I mean, look at
you, I'm giving my opinion on religion eh
And I'm telling you but right in my
face what's going through my
head that  I think that was also part
of my charisma, okay, but each one of
you adapts to the times, I mean,
none of you who are
here right now think or act like you did 5
years ago, not even
like
three, not like three. Of course, because
society evolves and you realize
things and so on, okay. But that's how it is, but there
are people today who
do worse things than that, eh. And they have
followers and they're okay, well, I'll
tell you, I'll tell you. I have a little
folder that I'm putting up, the
popular program La Resistencia, a
rather irreverent program in which he
jokes a lot with his guests.
Luisito Comunica has a callus. I mean, he's
very intelligent and has enough
experience to know what to say in front of the
camera, that's why,
although a kiss. Thank you very much for the
gift. J Sas How are you?
Sometimes you talk about your
private life, what you just revealed, people did
n't expect. And that is that you revealed how much
money you have, that you consume a substance
that in some places is considered
prohibited. And finally, how much does he have with
his girlfriend a month, and when I say how much does he have,
yeah, that's what I mean. Now, the
interview was quite long and  there were
a lot of things talked about experiences that even
Luisito How much does
resistance have to do with it, man, it's really
crazy eh, in fact, it's crazy not to
put hab, not being able to speak well, man, and
breathe well,
and in resistance they ask you how much you
earn, no, how much money you have in the
bank, and how much sex you have a week, I had
already mentioned in their videos, but what
caught my attention were three
revelations. Let's start by saying that
this program is famous for asking
its guests how much money they have and they ask them
all, some know how to evade
the question and give quite
curious and funny answers, and others, on the other hand,
without fear, boast about how much money they have,
whether they tell the truth or not, there are
some who seem to have a lot and
really, according to their statements, they have very
little, or vice versa, it seems that they have very
little and according to their words, they have
a lot, obviously, being a guest,
Luisito communicates in advance, the
safest thing today
is Javi, I have been a follower for years and I
had lost track of you and yesterday you appeared
again on my YouTube feed, so
here I am, what happened with Osuka, I remember
that those videos made me laugh a lot,
pathetic that was a giant greeting
Well I don't know what happened to him but
well you don't want us to react to that
no mother look at what can come out of those
reactions it was
like he was like a Dallas imitator he
wasn't a Dallas fan but he even
imitated him and wanted to be like him no but like he
was a kid who also I remember
I that he wanted to act like he was famous I
remember I that the kid said
eh The kid would come and the
chat would come and he would say maybe pew pie told me pew
pie told me pw about p he
told me that tomorrow he's going to upload I don't know
what I don't know how much and it turned out that it
was in a paid discord or
on a patreon I don't know in a paid group
of this not discord patreon
Telegram or whatever and of course and there
the other one published his stories not for
the members it's not that they warned him
about this particular question me It's that
here on the internet I always come across
some pretty peculiar characters
eh or I mean it's that here look at lne  I
have her as a moderator because of mine But she
always only comes up with, I mean, I'm attracted
to that topic, eh, I have a magnet, eh And now here's
what I'm telling you, eh Well, there's a group
Now there's a group
now, well, I'm not going to say anything, I'm not going to say
anything but it's to make 8,000
videos of 8,000 videos like that, I've
seen clips of mine of no, no, I'm not into that, that's why
when the time came and they
told him Hey Luisito How much money do you have? What happens is there are
legal issues, man, there are some
lawsuits that I've filed this month and I
can't talk much about some things
until a few
months from now Gameover parody of Javi about
Javi That would be good Yes continuation has gone
very viral And the thing is that his first
reaction was to get serious and then he stopped
joking and said what you should know I
come from a country where I know a lot Yes,
every week someone close to you should
know that I come from a country that I know a
lot, okay From then on it seemed like it was a
joke but no, at first he said it and what's
clear is that he's saying this because of the
money issue he has in  the
bank of course that's why he's saying it no
because he can't say how much money he
has because he comes from a country that
kidnaps a lot of course Luisito
Comunica has to be a very very very very millionaire
Luisito Comunica has to be a
millionaire he said quite
seriously after that the presenter
went on about the subject many times and that's when
many realized that the
people of Spain like the presenter or
the attendees living in a country where
kidnappings are something very uncommon did
not realize that Luisito Comunica
was being serious and that
really the revelation that
Luisito was making could even put him
in danger And the thing is that Luisito
is in Mexico all the time and is almost always
unsecured so if someone
wanted to harm him they could
obviously all the fans and
people who love Luisito Comunica would never
want that now well What did Luisito
Comunica do And how did he respond well he
continued with the joke and ended by saying
that he doesn't have much money in the
bank that he only has about 80,000 that is to
say like a million and a half
Mexican pesos in my account maybe
equivalent
to  80,000 euros out there after this many thought it was
little others thought it was a
lot but luito comunica confessed something
80,000 euros he charges it a month let's see let's
see his
name is not Luisito comunica his
channel ofu forgive me everyone eh
but it's that wow on this other
bridge yes we found 10 girls
broadcasting live some are let's
see
8,000 he says he has 8,000 He doesn't charge
double or triple a
month he charges he charges at least that much a month
that he will charge on average per month only
from YouTube monetization eh not
counting maybe the promos that
brands make and others
eh mother of God What a barbarity 111
million a month dude visiting eh more
saying that he likes to invest and that
all the other money he has he does
n't And also because I invest a lot the
truth is that I like to invest
here invest there And yes
Luisito comunica participates in several
businesses he has his clothing store
restaurants publishes his books anyway
after his Yes but it's that for more  that they
invest you can't have you can't have
80,000 turkeys in the bank, I mean no matter how much
you invest one month you collect now you collect
this now you collect that, I mean you can't have
just, just in quotes, no
80,000 turkeys in the bank having these
numbers you can't have just because it's that
no you don't have time to
invest it because you've already collected again
relationship many wished
Luisito Comunicado the best saying that they
loved him very much and that the sad thing in
Mexico is that you can't reveal how much
money you have because it can be very
dangerous then Luisito Comunicado
also talked about the fact that he consumes a
substance that is prohibited in some
countries and when he was asked
about jet lag what is that feeling of
feeling tired when you are already in a country or
a city that has a
different time zone than you are used to he said
that his secret was Maria yes Many
were surprised but to be
clear according to some Luisito had already
talked about this that he did it
recreationally on certain occasions but ah he
made it clear half jokingly And seriously
his secret was Maria Although some
asked when  He did it If before
flying or after flying because in
some countries if you put Maria you can
pay a lot and even end up
in jail for life the most
tremendous question for many was when the
presenter asked him How many times did he
do it in a month and when I say he did it
You have to realize what he did
yes what adults do Here
people were quite surprised because
Luisito commented that in the last month he has not
said what dad and mom do he had
only done it eight times I
think about eight eight times that
became a joke on social networks and they
said that he had a girlfriend
too beautiful to have only
done it eight times others said that
even if you like chocolate cake a lot
sometimes eating
chocolate cake every day Cancer others
commented that with all that
Luisito does to communicate sometimes he gets tired or
that he is not with his partner all the time
and that for that reason he can't do it
some more assured that it has to do
with age the younger you are you
do it more and the more you grow up you
do it less others on the other hand that when
you are single you do it more than when
you are married but many  they assured that it
was good
Eh well anyway when you're young
When you're a
kid when when you're a kid
Okay when you're a kid this is it that's
two at noon 4 at night and so on
every day no that's tremendous no Okay
family interesting interview with
Luisito communicates let's see what
luare has put for us here in the outline and
we're going to pay a little attention to the
outline no that I'm ignoring the
outline today and I've been here for over an hour
and I have to comment on the topics that I have
in the title I have to comment on at
least at least the topics that the
title Comanche is back Comanche is
back little princess responds to the best
let's see about princess little princess
today he laughed at Ricky Eddie and responded to
the best saying that he should be
banned and doesn't deserve any followers he says he does
n't understand As if they banned
Dallas and not him well Dallas in all
honesty he's not banned Dallas had his
Partner taken away okay what happened with Dallas
was a mystery eh unsolved because
what happened with Dallas must have some fabric  eh what the
hell was behind what they
did to him And who what the [ __ ] and who
because there it was like between the couple
between the
czu I think it was more because of the czu issue
The truth is that before I thought more that it was because of
the couple but after I really don't
know the truth is that I have no idea it's that I
have it there 50 50 in that in that in
those options let's see the
princess thing Hey yes, it's true that
the ban of El millor is being requested
eh I mean the ban is being requested on
Twitch I don't know how many days have passed
since the millor thing went viral
but I wouldn't be surprised if in the
next few hours Because it came out Even
in the media on Movistar and everything it's that
dude is that the moror has said Let's see I'm going to tell you I'm going to
remind you what
the moror has said
okay I'm going to remind you what
the moror has said these days the moror has said
things in a live Like two
random phrases eh When someone tells me I have
depression I think they have a
mental retardation or  when someone tells me I've
tried to commit suicide I think they're an
idiot okay I really think
the ban is quite likely knowing
Twitch it's quite likely the ban and
more so coming from a guy who has already been
banned a ton of times for
stupid things
okay I was thinking of calling him Ricky he
has tiny horns in honor of
Ricky edit Ricky don't get mad eh I
'm naming you after a bull he's
a bull This okay oh my god I think
Ricky responded to this in a
humorous way they told me on Twitter I haven't
looked at it yet and we're going to name him
Ricky Ricky because he has
tiny horns Ricky is already like the I mean they
already have him like the cuckold of the internet not
literally No that doesn't happen anymore that's going to be
remembered let's see it's not his
fault he's a victim No he's what's to
blame for everything he did
after but of what
elali did to him he's not really to blame of course I
understand But the thing is that the thing
is dude that
the story of what has happened to him
made the girlfriend and all that will stay
for life eh on the internet it's a
big pain What Lali has done to
Ricky eh more than you
think don't get mad damn it's a
joke it's already over you've already
overcome everything come on Ricky come on Ricky
man
estab what the guy what the
guy
my god I don't see the joke I
yes yes literally Frank is into I mean
the kid is dedicated to animals and
he has like the most How do you say
really plan the most lost place in the
world and and he finds out about all the
internet stuff eh like of
course princess But Fran
finds out about all the internet stuff
because he's here all the time the
kid said it today on his live It's that I ca
n't watch Fran's live I was going to
see it because he talked about gossip and he
commented on things but today Fran
said it that about the best eh he found out about the
best as well as about Ricky And
like a lot I mean when Fran
explodes with some gossip he got it
from the kid What happens is that then it's  a
traitor And he put up a clip of Uncle Shur
Of course but he put it up already I already caught it
eh I mean he put up a clip of Uncle Shur because
I was on vacation and and and I hadn't
uploaded the news on that subject if not I
would have put it up from his room okay but
Fran told him today he says when I
explode with something with this millor thing and
suddenly because I'm here at night
quietly with my animals
working I'm listening to Javi
Oliveira and I find out about this and I explode
besides he always does the same thing eh
You have to go to the sanctuary I'll go I'll go I'll
probably when a few months have passed when
Fran is
eh when some time has passed since these
last visits okay eh plan it
plan it when you least expect it
now I'm with him now I'm going to be
hard at work with the physical eh I mean now I'm going to be
hard at work with the training with the
diet and everything else and now it's been a few
months that I wasn't going to move that I'm
going to be I'm going to be recovering
because the thing is that I'm in the worst
physical shape I mean really when today
the trainer made me  the studio my goodness
has caught me pinching here on one breast
here on the other breast my goodness
the belly but oh well we're going to be
working in two or three months
again we'll start to notice a
change with how well it was going eh man the
background that he had he was getting into the rhythm
man
Fran always the same he sees something here he
sees something here boom eh [ __ ] what an [ __ ] I do
n't know what I send a few
bits first I send a few bits I'm going to
make a video for this son of a [ __ ] what an [ __ ] I do
n't know what 5
minutes later boom audio And also I see him
here out of the corner of my eye and I already see Fran's photo
on WhatsApp talking to me and I put it boom
this guy is an [ __ ] I have I
had a greyhound and I don't know what I don't know how much he
tells you about the life of some
animal he tells you something learn something about
some animal and [ __ ] the dead
seven times whoever he's
criticizing Javi don't set goals you
never meet Sorry
JJ Sorry I never meet what goal I don't
meet what goal I don't
meet  says solato news you are very
egotistical you only talk about yourself stick
to the
topic let's
see wait a
moment
J
a
V
i
e l c a i
n J verified also it's
important Javi the canijo is the channel
Javi the
canijo Antonio Who is Javi the canijo
will it be me and I will talk about whatever the [ __ ] comes out of my
dick or will it be your [ __ ]
mother they are going to funnel me man if you
have me up to the balls man if you
have me up to the balls eh it's like
oh my underaco itches either they are going to
cancel me for saying that n it's great it's
great I mean I didn't say it I
Frank said it I mean dude I
'm just reposting it and that way I get a few
visits on Twitter what the [ __ ] did
Abi just tweet is a bull This is okay
and we're going to name him Ricky Ricky because his
horns are
tiny don't get mad damn it's a
joke it's already s and the background song
is it can't be it can't
be dude how if he notices that  now they
charge for tweeting Oh my David a kiss and
put the uncle emote what a scam
charging for tweeting eh do you want to
know do you want to know how much Hey let's see the
members I haven't seen do you want to
know how much Twitter pays me do
you want to know how much
Twitter pays me
today the members eh
curious
eh 2
372 today it has hit a curious hit
eh 2 3 7
2 you have me very high
man you even have me you even have me
man 2 372
man
2 372 and here I am watching
Princess for real I mean if they had told me
that if they had told me that
when I was little I would have
studied we prefer to know how much
Luzu has earned well you'll know how much I have
earned I'll
tell you
eh
monetization eye eh
the first month on August 6 I earned
184 in September I
earned
22 and then at the end of September I
18 18 kid with the  impact that I
have on Twitter that we are almost 100,000 on
Twitter eh
that we are almost 100,000 on Twitter eh
But
well but well less than zero
no I earned $ 500 in August What the [ __ ] did you
do Well look, I'm on Twitter
eh
look, I'm on Twitter
eh it has potential of at least 000 Javi
But what do I have to
do, I mean, but tweet whatever I
feel like no or what
happens Let's see, what do I update maybe
a couple of tweets a couple of
retweets Maybe I put that up no I mean
Maybe if I start tweeting more like
scheduling three or four tweets not
with videos and excerpts and things not a day
no but it's that I don't have time anymore is there
someone who wants to take over my
Twitter account and takes a
percentage
ok I can edit it I can edit it if
I have time can edit it I have time to edit it I
put it don't get mad and and I
put a goat
wait I put Noe goat Ricky is from  a
bad person is a little bit of a bad person
but he deserves it he deserves it in
case he was an [ __ ] to me eh You
got involved at the time You thought you
were crazy and you've made a
ton of money at my expense Well now
you're screwed happens it's great I'm
late
Oh this horns jaens jaens if you're a bad
person bad things happen to you in life
a kiss Duarte that's what it is man that's what it is
Karma you're a bad person and
you behave badly with people Well
then let's not complain if we're
having fun and there's time that you've been
sleeping around yes yes yes yes
and a lot of people tell me Paula but don't
do the same I don't know what I don't know cuos it
's
like a plan I'm not lying to myself or with a
die of 18 no [ __ ] says out there
someone who's laughing at the percentage of
18 let's see [ __ ] yes yes someone
keeps track of me like well puts four
or five tweets or rather I imagine that B
Street Wolverine eh will earn more pacha no
because he's  uploading all day tweets I
mean I don't even know how many tweets he posts he'll post
30 tweets a day and they all have a
ton of views all the tweets of course what I'm
going to do is give
the Twitter account more stick and I'm going to share
more things but of course I'm going to share
gossip things I'm not going to
comment on the news I'm going to comment I know more or
less where I'm going to throw the
Twitter account I know more or less where I'm going
to throw it gossip about kids' things is what I
'm going to publish on
Twitter not even with its content no no I mean I
'm messing with something that has happened
publicly because it
happens I know it's that
chat is getting more and more It seems
that I have a son
yesterday he insulted you live do you have
any clips of what he said he insulted me
what I don't think you're insulting me no
basically because I'm a Partner and you
can't insult someone who is a Partner
anything on Twitter and it's aut It's
true It's true It's true the best one
started insulting people yesterday and you can't you can't
insult someone who
is a Partner
eh automatically Oh of course it's because you're a
woman dude like  It's that you have little princess you're like you
say anything it makes me
really angry I argue
anything I make a paragraph of 20
lines and I insist on having ccia going to
the people responding it's that you are a little
princess the best one asked for forgiveness Ah
I don't believe that the best one asked for
forgiveness the truth is I don't believe it one thing I do
n't expect anything from this guy I
mean First of all to clarify that many
people tell me or I've also
heard him say that it's that I used to
be a fan of the guy and that and of course it
was that he denounced me to be with him
something like that it's not that it's that since you're
not here anymore like you can't [ __ ] anymore or something
like that like or something like that a synonym for of
[ __ ] no eh I don't know if [ __ ] or or
conquer him or what the [ __ ] suck his
[ __ ] like how can you not be with
him well of course now you're not a
big girl because because you can't
be with him anymore which is like all the years
that I've been following the best one the kid
had a girlfriend like what what  what what what what
what's the point of that I already knew he
had a girlfriend I know his girlfriend in
fact his girlfriend in the previous Gamer
asked me for a photo I mean I mean
eh fang girl what fang what like
what I can I can have followed him
but the fact that you follow a person or at
least that I follow a person doesn't
mean that I agree with absolutely
every word, every Take or every argument
that they make I think it's pretty
easy to understand that when you
follow a person you don't follow each and
every one of their ideals way of thinking
and that's it eh It's not like I can't suck your
dick then of course So now I'm
coming to throw hate at you let's see you
also have to understand that
people mature and I mature too not
in a way I think you can see that it has
lasted over time and that to me
a person seemed eh
coherent At one point it doesn't mean that
throughout my entire life I will
seem like I mean if I had the same
mentality that I had 5 years ago I
would be with people who are obviously not
very right in the head let's do
one thing I'm not going to  to yell at him so much
but because it seems to me eh a person
you know when a person reaches a certain
age a kiss marco eh And they have certain
values ​​that you are not going to be able to change
because they are also intrinsic in the
empathy that that person has in how
that person sees the world and in how that
person is with respect to others because it is like
obviously the internet nobody not
even a funa is going to be able to change a
person but also or so that is why I am not
going to get so hard on him because there is no
way to change him he is 28 years old and
has the mentality of a 15
year old kid a plan is impressive no I have
seen a character so so so so
immature like you are 28 years old you
look like you are 13 and a half you know that I just gave
you a once over and it is the
only way to avoid the
main reason for the tweet since there is no
way in which you can
argue or justify the nonsense that you say you
are watching a video it is that
basically he does not argue anything the millor does
not argue absolutely
anything always whenever he is
arguing that he is debating with
people or  whatever what it does is what it
does is insult okay basically Hello
cow Hello Oh this unicorn what am I
doing and here hey cow but do you
want to eat me let's see I'm
thinking about stopping being vegetarian because
lately I've been really hungry It's that
the grass doesn't LL
let's see if you're a unicorn what do you
want to eat me who am a cow Oh
well it wouldn't be a bad idea they say that
the cow It's very tasty no no no no But wait Wait wait
but are you
a Spanish or Japanese cow I'm
Japanese Oh well the Japanese ones are more
expensive are Adobe is tastier the Japanese one
is that you are a carnivore well I'm feeling like
becoming a carnivore today eh
little cow you are a carnivorous unicorn a
little eh and the cow doesn't say mu mu what is
that cow Since when does it speak human
since always Oh it's that it's you human you don't
take the unicorn for a fool the cow eh
Of course yes to eat it's that you are a
carnivore unicorn Now
yes good script eh good plot good plot
you eh good plot and in which a
person in which a person is you
telling that he's had a really bad time and that he's
tried but hasn't succeeded
like on top of that you
're in a super
unfavorable context to give that opinion or rather
because you're in front of a
person who is telling you that he's
tried and that he hasn't what he hasn't
succeeded like you know what I'm saying
no it's not so much that the opinion is
still [ __ ] in any my
girlfriend Zoe always sees you while she's working
javig God a kiss Zoe beautiful I'm going to
steal your girlfriend from you Fabricio a kiss I'm
beautiful but more in the context of Hey they
're telling you that a person has
tried to do it and hasn't succeeded and your
opinion plus I don't know your opinion the most
intelligent thing at that moment was to say that
you have a negative opinion effect on
a person who is having a bad time
is telling you that they are having a bad time and
is saying that they have I don't know how many
disorders you [ __ ] keep your opinion quiet you
keep it to yourself because nobody
cares nobody cares so to
be something negative and that it can
influence and that you can give your
opinion what you can't choose and say
the atrocity that you said but  it's
not about whether you're right in the
opinion or not like the guy was saying
yesterday no no yes it's not about whether you're
right or not Yes it's that you're not
No you can't be right about something you
're not saying anything I mean you can't be right
because all you're
doing is insulting and saying that well
the one who tries to commit suicide and doesn't
succeed is an idiot and is
mentally [ __ ] and is very clumsy I mean you can't
be right about anything that the
video is cringe Okay then Okay then
the video may be cringe there If
the thing had stayed there then we still keep quiet it ca
n't harm that
person who is having a bad time you
eat it with potatoes dude it's really
[ __ ] angry t really me I've been
watching him for years anyone who knows that he's not
going to give their ration to anyone it's the
image that he wants to give and already inde
obviously that he rectifies like I
was watching Twitch to see what they were playing I
was putting Twitch here
I mean let's see what they're playing on Twitch
while we're here and it
came out to me  this
person came out this person came out but I
think he made a mistake
dude he made a mistake and he put the
camera upside down or he put or he put
the set upside down and the
girl made a mistake okay And I got into the I
got into the live but all this
out of
curiosity Hello okay
okay No, I got into the
live just for
informational reasons no And to contrast the
information and right now the girl is not there she
puts on
chang
Legend and she has 100 hippies there waiting for her to
change her
leggings Why the [ __ ] do you have to
change your
leggings of course the whole time the
live is the leins of course person is not
going to do it live it's that to me it
surprises me that people follow him it's that I
really don't understand dude I mean Look there
comes a point where you say it could be a good
Stream you have to have certain limits
that when a person is extremely e Yes yes
yes sly pickle with their
opinions Okay well you have to have you
as a person as an
individual rational human being who thinks
well have the ability to decide Who you
see and who you don't according to also the type
of person that is  person like
the fact that there are certain people
who have their payments cancelled for less and that
they have actually been cancelled and this
kid says whatever and he doesn't
really get cancelled, yes, it seemed to me to be something so
extremely
eh shocking, I don't know, really eh, I mean, I
know, no, I don't want to give examples
of specific people because I think that it doesn't matter to
the issue, no, but
eh There are people who have had their payments
cancelled, like, they've really gone
down in numbers, like,
when it's not even 1% of what
this GDP has said, I mean, Ah, he's
right, he's right eh It's that
the kid is a number, the gift of, no, no,
but listen, Listen to what he's
saying, he's right here, eh, I mean, he
said something similar to ar Gameplay
recently, but of course ar Game Play was
saying it to make it look good and
completely meaningless because he was
saying, oh, the number of people who have been
cancelled for stupid things and when there are things
and when she had defended kcu, no,
but here what she's saying,
princess, it's true How many cases have we
seen
here  how many people have we seen here that
suddenly ca
n't be youtubers or streamers
or anything because suddenly they start
losing followers they lose
viewers nobody watches them no I'm not
going to tell you for stupid reasons because it's not
for stupid reasons either I mean I don't think there are
people who have had their
careers ruined on the internet
for stupid reasons but for saying things that are less
strong than what the best has said
Yes there are people who have suddenly
ruined their careers for saying things that are
less than what the best has done I mean
but the best what we've seen now has
been the icing on the cake but the best has
arrived since we've been discussing topics
about him or talking about things about him
the level is rising I mean it gets worse and worse worse and worse I mean
the best has enough for
a Game Over I mean it's a list of things
that he has for a
Game Over it seems like an outrage man and not
even Twitch Spain has a hand it's also
true eh I don't understand how they can't
take away your channel for that eh I mean they
can take away your channel for having a
banned secondary account but they can't
take away your channel for saying  that
[ __ ] nonsense Exactly Exactly V that didn't make
sense But it does make
sense because it's a specific case
but I don't want to give names but it is a
specific case we're talking about the
boquero the megamax case is the
megamax case we're not talking about the moror yes
yes dasas and other people have the channel
the millor no no dasas they banned him on
Twitch eh they took him away the what's the
affiliate's name They took it away
eh I mean Dallas doesn't have a Partner or an
affiliate he can't make money on Twitch
Dallas le le I
don't think he's said anything at the
level of the millor eh I mean to
reflect on So
totally
totally Dallas Dallas has said
something worse than what the moror could have said
on some
occasion because I imagine that
Dallas's shots whether it's for one or the
other is for messing with other creators he
can't be a Partner if you mess with
other creators with another Partner a
Partner can't mess with another
Partner okay but d has said something worse
than the moror but apart apart apart
apart what the millor from
Comanche has said was already part that  should be
bannable even though
Comanche streams on
Kick is what the best has
said about Mental Health okay apart
from other 1 things that I can comment on
okay but outside of what he has
said Even if he had to be bannable
which he should be in
general okay Also with manche
Partner not with manche Stream on Twitch
no Comanche streams on Twitch the best is going to
appear banned in the next few
hours 100% eh 100% the moror is going to
appear banned in the next few hours
for sure eh I also do not defend Dallas
because I do not know why they will have
banned him I have no idea why they
banned him no but it seems to me a nonsense
enough to take action on the
matter 100% wow he does not empathize with
anyone, I mean this p does not know the word
empathy no it is not in his vocabulary does he
have a vocabulary dictionary that will
have the word flanders the
word fetid the word is that I also do not
know what other words he uses no but What the
[ __ ] but the word empathy he does not have it
dude it is that impressive  It
seems to me I find it extremely impressive
you give shitty opinions and you are
relevant on the internet you can't believe
anyone 20 years old he is 28 you know like
also compare a little The ages I
am streaming and I do streams I have my
degree I am studying mathematics which
is one of the most difficult degrees in
Spain and in general in the world eh man
sigy doing things nothing more than doing the
[ __ ] on the internet from the beginning he
said that it is his opinion you cannot
really debate him your argument is that if
you say that something is your opinion
automatically you cannot debate
with you Really I mean you say but
what opinion is that they base it on saying that
if the better one was giving his opinion not that
the moror Call him to give his opinion it is that the moror
was not giving his opinion it is that the moror has
not given his opinion on any subject The better one has
done was say that
[ __ ] subnormal [ __ ] subnormal
[ __ ] flander subnormal
eh suck my dick I mean he hasn't given
any opinion on anything he said the
outrage that has occurred to his
head that's it
without more
Comanche is back Comanche is back on
Twitch Comanche is back on Twitch is what I
'm telling you, I mean,
Comanche is a Partner Also,
apart from the nonsense that he should be
bannable in and of itself, which I think he should
be bannable in and of itself, what he
said is strong enough to be
bannable is that Comanche is a
Twitch Partner, I mean, the best, the
best is going to appear banned in the
next few hours, save this clip for
tomorrow, save this clip, if not, it would
seem very strange to me, if not, it would seem
very strange to me, but he's going to seem banned, if
without further ado, if he has gone, he has
gone, he's already without a wheel Ah, I only
take three pills, they already took me away, they already
took two away and of those three pills, already
chur rz, a Game Over for the best,
now I have to feel like it, the art has to
come out, the art has to come out
with desire, the art has to come out, I
take half So that's very good,
I'm very happy because they say that I've
advanced very quickly, that I have
improved quickly, that I'm throwing at him  you
want and I'm also trying to do
my part so well that's the
good thing no that's the good thing that that that now well
with that I'm going to be fine
every day and also the psychologist
told me that we're not going to Well she told me I'm
going to have two appointments two
more weekly appointments and after those two
weekly appointments she's going to see me every 15 days She's
not going to see me every week anymore
because she saw me every week Now it's only me
after two weeks it's only going to
see me every 15 days so really crazy that's
good because you feel like you're moving
forward you know it's like a
video game you feel like you're moving forward
Okay we've already talked eh I wanted to clarify
a few more things that I think are not
necessary to clarify but but I want to
clarify them eh because my video as
I knew it was going to cause a little
controversy but I'm going to clarify it very quickly
without insulting anyone because I don't
want to get into it hey I'm into something else
I want to get into JJ The last gameover
was at Agustín 51 and it was a live gameover
also the first time I did
a live Game over didn't work badly I
really don't know how many views it will
have
eh man it has 74,000 views which is
few eh They are cups are cups they are few
for what Game Over usually have
what
happens well here is another gameover with
77,000 what happens is that eh yes it is
true that it has of course it has 74,000
views the game
over but then eh but of course then it
also has another I don't know how many thousand
views in the
live that will have more or less in the
style so maybe between the two
between the two videos they will surely add up to
150 200,000 views
on my stuff and that's it but I'm going to
clarify something very very very quickly people
eh For all the people who say that
the video is a performance who say that
the video is fake eh I invite you to
go to my Instagram page and there is
the psychologist I follow her eh or if not
look for her too the psychologist I
left her at the end of the credits she is there well she
is happy to tell me that she
was open to a  answer questions and
also try to talk
to you about any questions you may
have about any mental illness,
uh, the analysis that she did on me is
real, I mean, for all the people who say I
don't have an analysis, I have it here, I'm
going to show it. What happens is that I put it
as a way
of, I put it as titles like
credits, but if you want,
uh, I have it here, the psychological report
in normal mode. So if you were
worried that it wouldn't show, here it
is. Even the day that San
Salvador was made, September 2023, uh, the clinic
is called Mood Clinic. Here is everything, as you
can see, it's the same and here is the
psychologist, the psychologist's seal and her
signature. Okay,
uh, she sent them to me digitally because I,
everything I have with her, I do it
through through.
How is it called a
video call online? Sorry, I
tell you, my anxiety makes me
freeze, but online. It's that I do everything, I
mean, because, as I said, I live in a
very remote town and it's hard for me to go
to the city, so everything with her is
online. So I  I sent my
digital psychological report, I don't have it on paper.
Sorry for not having it on paper, but
well, here it is. And in fact, here is my
treatment. Here is what we have been
following. Look, here is everything
that we are going to do. I did not put this
because, well, my treatment is for
me, that is what they are going to leave to me
what I am going to do. But well, here it
is, not for the people who had
certain doubts, yet there
is the report.
eh, I repeat again,
mental illnesses, people, are not eh a game. In fact,
I have always tried to reach a consensus.
Maybe now that this video went viral
and maybe all the people have seen
this video, eh, they have started to feel that
I have talked about
mental illnesses, but I have had this problem
for a long time, I mean, I have had this
problem since 2014, I mean, I have had it for
almost 10 years now, and every time it
is International Mental Health Day, I would
publish something on Twitter, I would
publish something on Instagram. I have been
talking about this many times, I mean, eh, I
think there is a podcast on Uncle Shur
where I say it, I mean, I  I've been doing
science about
mental illness for a long time because I've been
suffering from it for a long time, eh. It
's not the first time I've done it or that I've
just said it today. Eh, it went more
viral because of it. Obviously, the video and
all that. So it's okay, eh, but the
people who really know me, my real fans,
know that I've been talking about
this topic for a long
time, eh, another thing I wanted to
say, eh, is that if the video gives you
cringe, eh, because of my performances and all that,
there's a dis at the beginning of all that. And it's that,
obviously, people, when I
'm sick, I'm not going to record myself. I mean,
no, I'm not going to record myself having my
breakdowns,
so I tried to simulate the breakdowns like I felt I had when I had my breakdowns. I tried to simulate the breakdowns in the video. Apart from that, I'm not an actor, I mean, obviously. So, that's supposed to be an interpretation of something that he's done in real life or
when he had outbreaks in real life, he was
supposed to act like that. If
the video gives you cringe, it's because no, I'm not an
actor and because obviously I'm not going to
get into  weird when I have a breakdown but I
think the biggest proof of my
breakdowns is maybe my
psychological report and apart from like I
want you to see
this that's a
hole Let's
see I don't know if you can see it but that's a
hole that I left in the wall
There it
is well no no I don't want to focus but
that's a hole that I left in the wall because of a
breakdown be aware that
mental illnesses Well they are not a
game I mean they are not a game and they are
important
So if you see someone out there
saying that everything is false or whatever I
invite you with all the respect in the
world to make them aware
because believe me there are many people who
suffer from this suffer from this it
is Thank you for I know that it is not going to
cease to exist Thank you for your
inso I feel that the hate will not stop
existing in the chat The question is what are you
doing here to [ __ ] your
mother Thank you for your insect right now I'll
tell you why I say this okay you are the living
example that we can all have
our moments of weakness and
get up one day We sent for you to
Costa Rica Thank you very much Well what I'm
getting at is  that if I say this it's not because
this is going to stop the hate the hate will
continue to exist because there are
empty-headed people, there are dumb people, there are
stupid people that the one you don't like tesa
says I don't like what you do What is it that
you don't like, I don't know Rick But I don't
understand why he wants to refute if it's
true it doesn't make sense he should be
working on himself the
truth is that if it sounds different
Now
Comanche I was diagnosed by a
psychiatrist not a psychologist poor thing he won't
have anything to Show anything the haters
should go to the psychiatrist themselves
Exactly that is what they will never be
able to understand But I know that there are people who
maybe still have doubts that
maybe they still have three fingers of
forehead that they can still understand then
The more people can be saved
from that sinking ship the
better this live is putting his
illness Let's see Look eh I don't think he's
doing anything wrong In the end he is
responsible for putting whatever he wants of his
privacy eh his health just like eh
everyone's okay his health is his privacy
if he decides to put it then he decides to put it
what is  What happens is that the
moment you speak out and you know,
no, we have seen cases where this has
happened, no, the moment you talk
about something related to your health, you have already
expressed that people are going to talk about
it, I mean, this is the topic of debate,
Comanche's Mental Health is the
topic of debate right now you can't
do anything to stop it or
avoid it and there may be [ __ ] like
the one we saw, for example. There can't
be [ __ ] who are going to question you, they
are going to insult you, well, let's see, insulting,
insults are not allowed, okay,
but anything that questions you, eh. And
telling you things that fall within the
framework of freedom, there are many things
that there are many times that things can be said
that bother people and fall within the
framework of freedom of expression and
you eat what's there. Well, it seems to me
that he is talking about it quite
naturally, possibly even
externalizing it is part of the
therapy, let's see, part of the therapy, I
see that these things have to be normalized, they should
not be treated as in the
past, these things were not talked about
in the past. These  things eh You didn't go
to the psychologist to the psychiatrist you
saw this as a this I'm not crazy I
'm not crazy No I'm not going to go to the
psychologist I'm not crazy I'm not
crazy you understand me these are normal things we have to
normalize things like the one who has
some little thing about health that is eh
man I know anything that we have in our
health in our day to day life both damages
and illnesses anything that happens to us
no eh we go through I don't know how many
illnesses Well the same with
mental illnesses no I mean it's something that is
in our day to day life that is in our lives
and we have to keep it in mind and
take care of it too because from here
from here many things can happen to you and
many
things can take you, many things can take you the
coconut can take you many things but
coconut the coconut if you are bad from
here it can take you, it can you, you
can even get into a
physical illness or worse okay we are talking about
a kid who has been saying that he has
wanted to commit suicide So I do it that's why I do it
because I know that there are still
people who can get out of that ship you
know from that Ship that  is sinking
and tell them and come here and for that reason
and for that reason I don't do it insulting that's why I do
n't do it
eh saying it in a bad way but I
do it in a good way and with the good faith
of the world that yes it can be said e Exactly
Exactly tesa that point is the
negative we have to normalize but they put
orders to their hater to use it and I don't
think it will do it well of course but let's see it
is something that was known eh I mean it
is something that was known I don't know I don't know
to what extent it has been said openly
okay but it was known eh it was like of the
record an open secret among among the
people
of I don't know among the people of the internet it
was I mean it was a secret that we had
openly that had its problems Well
apart from that it was understood it was not understood eh there
came a moment when he
surpassed him and did not catch him Well look at you
a tweet eh look at you a tweet
eh a tweet that really should not have been
seen
and there was a very unfortunate tweet there was
a tweet that  it was an outrage eh it was
disgusting the tweet okay it was disgusting the
tweet was a tweet in which they posted a
picture of a dog I don't remember if it was
a picture it was a gif okay eh of a dog
of a bulldo [ __ ] I don't know what how much like
a dog that I don't know I don't remember
what image It was but I think it was a
bulld a dog I don't know if with clothes or
dancing or something no Comanche your
[ __ ] face Comanche is your [ __ ] face I don't
remember it was a t that was really going
overboard with Comanche no and it's a tweet that
really let's see You see it and I [ __ ] myself
dead the [ __ ] tweet okay I mean everyone
everyone condemns the tweet I remember that we
made videos I don't remember if we made I do
n't remember if it was on a newscast I
know that at some point we put that t
here to comment on it and uncle sh also
for sure I don't remember if on the news or
in videos or live I don't remember
okay but I see that tweet about
me and for me the one that looks bad is the one who
posts the
tweet okay For me the one  puts the tweet
is the one who puts the one who looks bad
The one who is describing himself with his act
but Comanche at that moment with five
disorders with with with that depression with
no cua sees that
tweet can you incite him to no he is not going to commit
suicide because he posted the
tweet But it could be the last straw it could be
the last
straw do you understand me that's why if someone
is bad or if you know that someone is bad
then you have to Hey it's one that in the end we who are
dedicated to this have
half assumed or half that we assume that you cannot
control that or I mean imagine that they
send me that tweet okay they send me
that tweet they don't send me worse things at the
end of the day okay And you send it to me tesa
many times he sends me super
undignified things But this has to be stopped and it's
like This cannot be stopped Who
posted that a guy from Guatemala and what do I
do with that what else can I do
report on Twitter But you can't
be reporting 20 reports a day that's
a time that you take away from work or from
lying on the
couch mental illnesses are very important
okay And the coconut is
very very  important guys eh I'm going to
leave it here because I have to start
doing the invoices before going to
bed and I don't want to be late
okay because I'm on schedule I have
two things left to look at here
I'll find time tomorrow to watch it
okay I'll find time tomorrow to watch it
eh
we haven't talked about Jordi I know
but I have to go okay I
have to do the invoices and I'm
respecting the schedule getting up at
11 in the morning recording the news at
noon the other newscast anyway guys
keeping to the schedule and also the schedule
of a person waking up at 11 in the
morning I record a newscast I'm going
to the gym I'm living the life of a
normal person get a huge rest I just
uploaded a video on the
main channel Javi Oliveira okay go over
there watch the video see you I'm
late with the VAT exactly leonia that's
why today I can't go to bed without
finishing it a kiss
[Music]
family